This file contains my personal information and expreiences...
The file which strictly contains the information regarding project is tagged as 'README' in the base folder


Hi my name is Lukesh Patil
a student of Indian Institute of Information Technology Allahabad
Roll No :. IIT2020101





I have intrest in feild of web development of any development for that matter.
I had done web development projects in past.
Even tried freelancing for once, I failed but learnt a lot about lot of things.
"JX Power" is my project that I am proud of. I created it from sctratch, all by myself... (no copying from github)


I am very intrested for this job and I have my reasons for it. Second is obiviously I want a job but the even bigger First reason why is I want this job specifically is... The description "SendX is the right place for folks who want to build things and work on interesting engineering problems with high ownership and a bias for action" just intreguiged me more. This feels like the right place for me to work. "high ownership and high bias for action" YES PLEASE.


I have firm grasp over Data Atructures and Algorithms DSA
and I also have adequate knowledge of HTML CSS and JAVASCRIPT to get me started
I also happen to knnow SQL if needed although had worked more with non relational datebases as for the simplicity
I also gave android development a try so a little bit knowledge about mobile applications (not much)
But espicially instrested in web development


I have knowledge about backend javascript (as of my project JX Power) NodeJS using MERN stack
I didn't learn Vue though. But no worries how hard can it be?
I mean it's just syntax that changes. I do have a deep understanding of HTML CSS and JAVASCRIPT all vanilla.
I am learning Vue for this project. but decided to not take any risks and continue in vanilla for this project
It's just a matter of a few days may be a week or two that I get used to the syntax of Vue provided by basic knowledge of core concepts
I am currently learning Vue from youtube... regardless it will be a greate skill to have in future


I am very much intrested in this feild of web development and in this job application specifically for that matter
I request to consider my submission positively. I really gave it all I got and hoping for best

